icons:
https://react-icons.github.io/react-icons

1. move styling for the top navbar from index.css to somewhere else
2. animatePresence for exit animations on pages
3. scrollToTop if nessesary
4. suspense fallback="" if nessesary (for when pages are loading, the laoding dots or whatever)
5. add active to navbar
6. add shadow when hovering on projects
7. nested router didn't work, figure out why
8. figure out the types for context. it is currently typed as 'any'
   8.5. in 'ProjectGeneric' some of the functions dont work. it is probably a result of the 'any' type being used above.
   8.75. I dont really understand how the object (which acts as a big list) gets the information through the context thingy.
   look at the code carefully and figure out what is happening.
9. ProjectInfo function takes in type 'any' when it should be type 'string' but string throws error
10. finally resorted to wrapping the /:name in the app router with a checker to see if the name is valid. This is probably the best way.
    however, context should probably be used instead, in which case the context wrapper should be shifted to the entire app itself,
    rather than just in the projectGeneric file.
11. Figure out how the code in the pdf viewer works. Still not sure about the mapping function and if it needs to be so weird. Come
    up with a way to reword it!!
12. remove space ghost project from visor project pdf, and create a seperate project for it
13. remove watercolor string project from cmyk add the water color string project
14. remove potato project from butterfly and create seperate pdf for it
15. add minecraft builds to projects
16. add youtube videos to projects
17. add moton to all the pages
18. add youtube video to the water drawing project
19. fies have been moved to google drive. make sure to know that they are there, and have a backup on github if needed?
20. The nav bar css should be ajusted so there is not so much repeating
21. interactive map for the projects tab
22. add first watercolor to sketchbook
23. add sketchbook from rome, any missing pages
